gh-85757: Change wording from nested to inner (#91811)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/datastructures.rst

   >>> [[row[i] for row in matrix] for i in range(4)]
   [[1, 5, 9], [2, 6, 10], [3, 7, 11], [4, 8, 12]]

> As we saw in the previous section, the inner listcomp is evaluated in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we saw in the previous section, the inner list comprehension is evaluated in
```
